Are you excited? Yeah, totally! Joe and I have been planning that trip for ages. Can you believe I've never been to Yosemite even though I've lived in California for more than 5 years? Yeah, wow, that's a long time. Have you packed yet? Nah, not really. I guess I'm not really sure what I should bring. Uh, well, it depends.
I've been packing for our trip. Oh, thanks for doing that! Yeah, no problem. The thing is, I haven't figured out which jacket I should bring. What do you mean? Well, I've got two options. The warm one I wear if it's below 50 degrees. I've also got the lighter one. Oh, okay. So which one should I bring? I don't know. Have you tried looking up the weather in Seattle? No, not yet. Okay.
I need to know whether to bring an umbrella today. Are you going anywhere? No, just staying in New York City.
Have you finished loading the car? We need to leave soon if we want to make it to Los Angeles before dinner. Sorry, I'm still figuring out which clothes to bring with me. How come? Well, obviously I need to know what to wear.
Did you hear about what's happening in Texas? Yeah, I can't believe it. I'm glad it hasn't been that bad in California. Same, same. Do you know if it's gotten any better since last week? No, I'm not sure, let's check.
I've always loved winter. Why? Well, growing up in Wisconsin, that's when it would be the most beautiful. It would snow a lot, and we'd go outside and play. I wonder if it's still the same there now.
The Tour de France starts in Brest on June 26 and ends in Paris three weeks later, July 18. I'm going to be at the finish line, cheering for my favorite. Will you also be in Brest? No, Brittany is too out of the way for me, and I have to fly through CDG, so I don't want to go all the way out and then back again. Plus, I don't have that much vacation time.
Okay, let your parents know, we'll be arriving in Larnaca on May 18th. Sure, I'm talking to them tonight. Did you see May 19th? No, the 18th. Yeah, okay that makes sense, it's a Sunday.
How much are tickets to Las Vegas? Only $150! That's pretty cheap! Yeah, I was thinking that too. Do you think it's worth going? It depends on the dates for me. I was looking the 24th or the 31st. I think those would work. I prefer the first one, though. Should be doable. Do you want to go anywhere else? Maybe.
I just heard from my sister in Kyoto, she says the cherries are starting to bloom! Wait, already? I know, I was surprised, I thought it wasn't going to happen for another month or so. Do you think they're extra early this year? I wonder, I should ask.
The ice in Texas has been freezing everything important. Do you know if we can find a good heat source to survive the winter? I'm starting to lose some hope. Hopefully, after March 16th the weather will improve and the heat will melt everything away
The heat wave is killing me. The fans are constantly running. The AC is running it at full power. Hopefully the heat wave over San Jose stops over the next week
Do you like the flowers that bloom in the spring? It looks way better here than anywhere else in the world. The Ohio soil is filled with great nutrients that allow these plants to bloom in the humid enviornment
The leaves have been falling non stop. Our yard needs a lot of cleaning up to do if it can be kept in presentable fashion. Do you want to help out? These dead leaves will repeat for all of Autumn. Hopefully, we can clean this up by the end of the month
Will the lakes freeze this week? I've been noticing a lot of snow fall, but I've seen been able to see the water in the lake outside. I hope that we can go figure skating once the ice solidifies. With enough practice, I could even go pro
The incoming storm has been destroying everything in its path. We should get out of Florida before it heads in this direction. We should be able to pack up and move to the house in the west. Hopefully, they have better weather there.
The bears have been attacking people more. Do you know why? I think its because of the foggy area making it hard for hikers to see where the bears are. The fog  and the cold numb people's senses causing them to get attacked.
Do you know how much its going to rain today? If its not raining, I could go outside and play some games. Otherwise, I'll stay inside and play some games inside. The rain basically decide my schedule
Why did our analog circuit stop working? We've been trying for weeks in order to figure out how to make it work. I think its cause of the sandstorm in the air. It started to through random dust into everything causing failures. I think we should stop living in the desert.
Last week, I visited niagra falls. You should have seen it. It was filled with colorful mist with barely any light polution. The lack of rain made it perfect for the boat trip down to the base of the falls. The light show especailly blew me away.
How often do you buy coats? Almost never, a good coat lasts for years. True, but you'll be moving to Seattle for Amazon right? Yeah the rainy city doesn't seem like it'll be nice for most of the year. Best of luck, you will probably need a few umbrellas too!
Have you thought about exercising one in a while? Nah, I'm too comfortable in this lazy boy. I mean it, you should probably go on a run once in a while, get some fresh air. No thanks, I don't think I wanna be running in this weather anytime soon.
Good afternoon, who is this calling? I'm fine thanks. Great to hear you're also doing well. Well sure I'd be happy to meet for dinner. Berkeley Thai House sounds great. It might be chilly, so bring your coat. Alright, see you at seven!
Wow I can't believe it. I just got off the phone with Bob. They still don't have clean water in San Antonio. What a shame. Well it sounds like most of the snowstorm is gone. Yeah, good thing. I can't imagine it snowing in San Antonio, let alone for a week.
Hey do you mind running over to Target and buying some toilet paper? We're gonna be out soon. Can I take the car? No, Target is so close. But it's drizzling outside. Oh is that so? Then sure. Be back by seven!
Dude my club is planning a retreat to Tahoe in May. Isn't that during finals week? Nah it's right after. Okay but May? It's gonna be so much warmer there than what you'd like. I know, but cold or warm, I still wanna go to Tahoe.
I just bought some super glue, felt like we needed it. Oh should I pay you half on venmo? Yeah for sure. How was it going outside though? The weather is great today, didn't you see? Nah I've been coped up here all day, I didn't even look outside. Well the wind was great and the sky was so clear. Go out more!
Have you seen my hat? No, why? I think I might have lost it coming back from the house. What, like on the way back? Yeah it was so windy right now, I couldn't even notice a hat leaving my head. Wow hopefully this wind eases up soon.
I've decided on a new year's resolution. Oh do tell! I'm gonna run at least five miles a week. Hey that's nice and doable. Where are you planning on running? I'll just do laps at Willard Park in the evening. Nice that sounds good, the trees there will protect you from any wind. Yeah, and if its chilly, I'll wear that new windbreaker I bought.
Close the window! Don't you feel cold? No I'm not sure what's wrong, this is great. Why don't you put on a jacket or something. No way, and it's supposed to get much colder here tonight. Please close it now before you forget. Fine.
It's so hot outside, how are you not sweating! And you're wearing a jacket? Yeah I just feel cold all the time, but it is feeling a little hotter than normal, maybe we should turn on the AC
I'm headed to New York this summer since my internship is remote anyway. Oh, that sounds cool! I've heard NY gets really humid at that time of the year though? I don't mind a little humidity, I think it'll be fine! Sweet! Let me know how that goes - I might have to go to Florida for mine, so we'll be on the same time zone. Oh, awesome!
My shoe feels a lot tighter - have my feet grown? It might be the weather, it's been pretty cold in Nevada these past few days, and I've heard that prevents the leather from expanding. Oh? Hopefully it gets better soon! I love these shoes!
One of my friends went for a hike up Berkeley hills about two days ago and he got lost. Oh that sounds terrible! Did he not have his gps? He did, but the weather was so bad he could barely see anything. Wow, that's scary - guess I'll look at the forecast for when I go hiking on the weekend.
The gyms just opened up here in LA. it's been so long since I've worked out! I think they're following social distancing guidelines pretty strictly so it should be fine. Sounds great! I've heard it's going to be raining for most of next week though so you might have to wait a bit more.
The sun's been shining pretty bright the last week. We should be able to stop worrying the snowstorm last week. Did you know we completely lost power in Texas after the snowstorm destroyed everything in the area?
I went on a skii trip with all my friends. We spent most of the time inside, and watch lots of tv. I think that's the best use of time on a skii trip. Hopefully, we will get a snow day in LA like this some day
Last year, my friends went on a trip to the beach. It was way too hot so we started to burn up. this week, we're going on a boating trip instead. I think it's much safer than a regular boat trip. The boat trip will be in the middle of niagra falls
The large trucks in the area have been destroying everything in the area. I want to join these truck riders one day tho. They only ride at noon while the sun is blazing in the middle of arizona
Do you have something to block the blazing sun? It's been burning everything up. I can't go running, biking, or skateboarding. I think the best way to combat this is to get higher ground up in the snowy mountians of San Diego
The best way to avoid getting attacked by bears is to stay completely still. If you stand completely still, the bears won't notice you at all. This only works if you are in a specific part of russia tho. The rest of russia the bears will attack immediately
The water started to freeze as I trying to get tap water. How is that even possible? Maybe I have an issue with my pipe that causes to break down. This is what happens when you live in a Michigan during the winter
How do we avoid the potato shortage? We've been dealing with the lack of potatoes every spring due to an attack from the anti potato faction. However, I think the fog in the area will fix our issue. I hope that I can get some quality irish potatos by next year
Do you think we can finish running? We've been running for the past hour and it's been raining heavily. We should have checked the forecast before heading out. This is probably especially true if we wanted to go to amazon rainforest
I think we should start remixing some of the sounds we're hearing while waiting for the bus stop. We wait infront of the Connecticut to New york bus stop ever week for over an hour. It's especially boring with the very ordinary weather
Have you ever jumped across a building? I heard the best time to jump across buildings in New York like spiderman is at midnight. Supposedly, there aren't too many people to shout at you if miss the landing. 
Tell me about how Yosemite went. It was great, the snow was old, it wasn't windy, and the sky was very clear. I wish Berkeley had weather that was more like Yosemite. What's the weather in Berkeley anyways?
Ah that's much better. Yeah the heater is so nice. I can't believe it can get this cold in March. Same, I'll gladly pay the utilities bill if it means I don't have to put up with Portland's spring weather.
So I've been working on this new invention lately. Oh yeah? What does it do. It's a portable electric heater. Interesting, how portable can a heater get, doesn't it need to be plugged in? No this thing is rechargeable and will help so much with all the winters here. I sure hope so. Yeah like see how cold it is outside right now? Imagine if you had a tiny but powerful heater - it would be great.
My favorite restaurants are always at least a hundred miles away from my house! I'm craving a burger right now but I don't want to get caught in the rain. It is cloudy outside but maybe it won't actually rain? It's been cloudy for the past few days and we haven't seen a drop of rain here. That's true, bay area weather can be so unpredictable.